# Scoop
Scoop, despite his appearance, was born into a very wealthy family, the Varguths, living in the capital. He was their second child, his brother, William, only a year older. Mr. and Mrs. Varguth were very intent on their boys joining the royal guard as the position held much respect across the region. His brother seemed to be born for the role and he always pleased his parents, however, Scoop never felt like that was the path meant for him. He wanted to go on adventures and explore the wilderness and see amazing creatures. Scoop secretly would watch the druid’s in the woods training their children and slowly started to pick up their skills. One day while playing with his brother, Scoop accidentally scratched his brother in the face with an imperfect wild shaped claw. His parents, outraged by the accident on their clearly favorite child, beat him and never showed Scoop any affection again. He would often be ignored and treated as though he was never in the room. Scoop, sad to leave his brother but knowing he no longer had a place with the Varguths, fled home at 12 years of age and went to find a druid tribe to plead for training. On death’s door, lost in the woods, Tinker and Qili, a gnome couple, rescued him. They took Scoop back to their Druid tribe where he finally found a family. He left the name the Varguths gave him behind and just goes by “Scoop” now, a nickname he received from his new adopted parents. 10 years later, Scoop decided he had enough training to start adventuring on his own and now travels to a nearby town to gather supplies and begin his journey.
